Matthew is late again. it is important for him to be here.
But still I think it would be in very important if the as main designer. I think we can put on the here. we we designed the two items.
We will just we just have to continue. just for record I I will take notes again. first thing I was I got an email from from my superior again. that we really should stay within the budget of the twelve Euro and fifty cents. when you stay in it's good,. when you don't stay in you have to redesign. maybe Anna, you can have your presentation.
We can't do evaluation 'til we have a design.
Matthew. Nice you are here. ma maybe then you can start now with presenting your your designs.
I will start by the the basic one. that fits into eight Euros actually, right, seven eight Euros,. first for both they have a special shape,. but it's like a surf board. And also it's not too far from a mobile. So people are used to that kind of shape,. Don't take care too much about the colour
Now we are supposed to give some oper offers right now.
The on-off button, in red. Here would be the volume. On the on the left,
So you can go up and down the channels,. if you have a video or something you can forward, back.
How can you change from VCR to TV, by the way?
This is a standard TV one,. and then we have usually there twelve keys. but we know that we rel that we have only ten digits. The extra two are for having or giving an option for having more than one channel. And the other one is for the teletext or something you want to browse through from that. Actually. It's a very basic minimal thing
Exce except for the for the special shape, the surfing board, it has a quite a a conventional layout of buttons.
I i i it is a very futuristic,. it's like it's like a brain machine interface and all this stuff we are thinking about in the future, it can come.
Yes it really feels like like like a mobile phone.
Then the this is the a more a little smooth. and it gives a lot of functionality, in this way,. th you see there are only six keys,. they are ma they are doing the job of twelve keys actually here. And so they have more space actually. and it's easy to use this. and then you have a power button, which volume, what you have,. and then other than that you have channel up and down and slow pause or slow lo. yeah pause or stop,. you have a LCD display, here. and this is a functional thing. which can change. it's a toggle switch. which could change the function
From DVD player to television or something. and and and then you get feedback via the LCD
You can have a integrated microphone over here,
This is the orange button, the microphone.
You want to do a speech recognition and that channel a lot of information can be di displayed here directly on the on your on your display. And here is a small LED. which tells you like are you running out of the battery,. and which is can be useful for the locating as I was talking earlier. then we have a cover. when you need you can use it,. and this gives additional functionality
But but but but i in there when this is closed, will it also cover up the LCD screen?
Actually when you are watching the TV, when you are watching anything or listening to them, you hardly care about what is getting displayed here,. and this gives a protection to the LCD actually, giving a cover to that actually. Gives a protection
It's low weight. You have to see yeah yeah the the components we put inside is very low weight. So the the cost is actually a bit more,
So it's well outside the budget then.
But the the main point we we talk about that with our manufacturer. And they say basically that the SR system would be something like three Francs per item
That's on top of the sixteen,. or is it part of that?
Part of that, yeah.
So that takes it down to thirteen Euros without the speech recognition.
If you have new more ideas we can add new more some more keys
We should stick with a number of keys
It it should not be cluttering up everything.
I like the shape of them,. I do like the the size and the the shape.
Be before ta talking about the money and what's possible and what is not possible, maybe Anna you can give our give us your
And maybe we run the evaluation on both of the products, both of these two.
And also the evaluation criteria, so what what is important to look at.
It's just a shortlist of criteria on the things that we've identified as being important to selling the product. we just go through these. and rate them as a group. and then at the end we'll make an evaluation based on that,. These are the things we identified as being important. the three things were look and feel, innovation and ease of use, were the three important components. appealing to the correct demographic so using those things in the right way to appeal to our demographic. And then goin following the company motto, following the fashion trends and putting that into the product as well. do you wanna go through and put through those on the the two products now. or do we wanna discuss them further. and then evaluate them?
Why not why not discuss discuss it now,
Just go through onto the whiteboard I guess. the first one was really very far below budget,. would you want to take the price down of the end product according to that. or just have the high profit on it?
My my personal view is when when this one is eight Euros we must think how can we improve it. because th th th the the selling price is already prite fik quite fixed on twenty five Euros
Look and feel, innovation
And now it easy to use.
You following the idea of using the removable covers on these?
W we can still discuss that. and together with evaluating this we we might come with new ideas. I've received a framework which we can do this. this is these are the the the latest prices of our production production unit for several components,. so we can see whether the the price is is within the twelve Euro fifty cents. Th th this is the first design.
And seven's the best. and seven's false.
Look and feel. In i in my opinion purely feel is is is very good, is very good in your hand,. so I I I would consider two or or may maybe even one for feel. we should also consider look,. and then i it looks quite conventional.
On the scale it's between functional and fancy basically we're looking at,
Ma ma ma ma maybe say say five
The way we have designed it's like the surf as you say. but still I will give four in that case
If you press like this not like this
C can you get the batteries?
Isn't it the ink? I think it's lost a battery. Because we'll be able to see it still even if it wasn't working,. but it wouldn't be picked up on the the actual whiteboard. And the other one? I think it's slightly better,,
Actually this is this is not going to protrude actually,. which which 'll be covering in a curve
The other thing is, is the left hand one protruding? 'Cause if people are left handed they want to use the other hand,. maybe it won't work so well. I'd say two or three for that one, personally.
So so I would also say this is four.
Because right for example if you press it quite inside now like this, now it's embedded one.
So I will say two.
It's it's definitely more fancier than that one.
Basically there is no innovation in the first one compared to what exists in the market,
No but except for the design of the surf.
Are we including like a location kind of thing like trying to find it?
I think it's more of the feel.
But th is there any there's no actual innovation in that at all,. So I'd be up for seven for innovation.
And the And the second one is really state of the art, in terms of innovation. And with many more functionalities,. and can open and close the the bottom part.
A and the LCD screen is. That's that's that's well it's quite innovative.
And all the scrolling buttons and menu and pro programmable device behind this. could put it at one or two I would say. Personally.
Th th there were different options we discussed then,. we discussed the one that was in budget and the one that was out of budget.
We just diske discuss it as you designed it. and then we will will try to get it in the budget.
Innovation for this one is two? One? the speech recognition is a very good innovation I believe it,
Then it's I think one.
Ease of use?
The first one is really standard,. so everybody i including our grandmothers can use it,
So that's maybe a a two for ease of use.
The other one is quite easy, tho though.
Though it has more functionality
So maybe a three or a four.
Maybe sometimes people get scared with the number of buttons. because it's it's not like a big one with one hundred buttons or so,
Actually the user has to put some effort to do use that actually,
So so I think th three is good. Yeah.
How well it goes to the target demographic. we're we're still thinking twenty to forty year olds?
I would I would give this model to the old people actually.
So sh completely changed our demographic there,
Exce except for the surfing shape. I mean that's that's something which which has an appeal on this group I think,
If it was the very bottom price range or it was like between this and another one we did the same thing then I can imagine it being applying to the the demographic
W we after this we can can consider for instance, making this more attractive to to the demographic
'Cause we have got room, we've got some budget there to add a few things to it,
But as it is now, I would say, six, something.
Because it's so important it's i it was written that it really so important, the the the look and taking care of its it targets, the right range of people,
But but if you sell it in the market it's going to be cheap, actually.
We have a constraint that we need to sell at twenty five Euros.
There's nothing that would make me spend an extra few Euros on that one rather than another one.
So in that case well it's fine then.
And the demokraphi demographic of the second one? It's got the got the the toys in it,. it's got the LCD screen
If we we wish to to sell four millions of this, I think for this audience we need absolutely the LCD screen.
I think especially if we're gonna have an LCD screen on a low range product then that's good. I'd probably go with three again for that one.
Or even Even one and two. Or two.
Yeah two yeah. because you can add lot of sophistication on that.
And especially I guess 'cause this has the speech recognition as well,. and that makes it more appealing,
The final point, trends.
The trends were the fruit and vegetables and the spongy feel. as it is, not really doing either of them.
Spongy,, that means that it goes in in the water.
The spongy could be part of the the feel of the buttons as well,. have you tried the mobile phones that have got the kinda spongy buttons. but I'm thinking one of the Nokias that's got like you ca it hasn't got individual buttons. that feels kinda spongy.
Yeah. We we we we we yeah, it's the way they are going to be, actually.
The maybe in the colour we can make it fruit and and veggie.
But that's if you're using the covers.
Is it possible do you think, to to make a cover for such a phone?
They make it for mobiles,. it can't be that much more complicated.
Just with the with the flexible plastic
So you got the option of having different colours or different textures.
Yeah I think yeah it should be possible like what we do with the mobile phone, yeah.
We can put the the the fancy look of vegetables for instance, to to these covers
I think the if we do the cover that's really going with the company's philosophy of having the fashion in in electronics,. even next year when fruit and vegetables might be out, you'll still be able to put a new cover on it
Look at this computer, th this laptop, it's all black,. and it's quite conventional,. and sometimes people don't like too much flashy colours like this one presented here. So maybe we could do like in the range the set of what we propose a black one, very standard one, that meets the the requirements of th such people that want really standard things.
And then you have the option of having the different colours, different covers. 'Cause that's the that's the feature that could be included in either of them. Although it is more with the spongy buttons on the on the other one.
Say, say one and two. One and two.
The average of that is three six nine divided by five, so five nine by five, one point eight?
One point eight yeah. Four point four point two.
But we still got a very different price for those two. so they're not really comparable yet anyway.
We we must try to get them closer. or we just have to choose. And adapt. Because, when we choose for this one we have to we have to make it more attractive. and when we to for this one we have to make it more cheap.
It's easier to just make that one cheaper by just taking the speech recognition out. That'll basically take us down to the budget.
Unfortunately we didn't see this chip, Matthew,. so maybe we have to recap with this one.
Maybe we ought to reconsider everything with this, yeah.
Let's let's try to to model this this phone in this sheet,. what kind of energy source. It's a it's a normal battery, or
Maybe you might use a AA battery actually.
Given speech recognition I think you should go for the less fancy chip.
Sample speaker, yeah.
Are you talking about this or that?
But they have the same shape,. plastic would be the material. special colour, now we leave it to the covers.
Now we're either going button or L_C_D_s, LCD display.
It's okay. Just say LCD.
So it would need twelve buttons.
We might need a scroll wheel, right, for that?
But for this one it's twelve Euro.
So this comes to eighteen.
And that's without any special button supplements. we'd have a special colour, special form and special material on all of them.
It's not it's not double curved,. it's single curved,
It's like it's curved on the sides and curved on the top and bottom as well, that's what I thought.
I'm I'm no I'm no I'm not sh sure.
The bt buttons, we have twelve buttons, are you sure?
We've got those the scroll wheel on the side. We've got a scroll wheel for the volume. this is even more than the than the cost you gave, the sixteen Euros.
That is the sample sensor and sample speaker. We just need that actually. We need one.
We We could go for the for the for the for the for a simple chip,. but then we can't have the the speech recognition,. this would this would be cutting the speech recognition.
But if you have the near the LCD you can choose select between you know like uni universal between audio, TV and VCR,. and this needs a needs a advanced chip. I think yeah regular, today we you can do that with regular chip.
And we still on fifteen,
And what about the number of buttons buttons my Matthew?
When we just want to to cut the number of buttons we have to make seven to to fit in in twelve twelve fifty.
But that's seven basic buttons right, seven buttons without any adds-on, without special colours or form or material. the LCD display is is three Francs, sorry three Euros, by itself.
We we really want a LCD. other otherwise we wouldn not get the market.
So we're gonna have to scale this down to get within budget,
So wha what what each of us think about the because it's measure point the LCD,
Or we could even replace them by buttons actually.
Because sometimes whe when you watch the TV in fact, you have a big display
A actually it depends, it depends what kind of functionalities you want to add into it,. for example if you add two more functionalities then better you add two more buttons,. or and you'll have LCD display which is that is going to bring the cost by two two Euros at least.
I think, unless we can really drive these prices down we need to get rid of the LCD display.
Okay so we can get rid of it. and then add a couple of buttons.
And it's looking like we can't afford the LCD display, there's no way we can get it in there.
So who thinks the the LCD disply display should be i should be in it?
I th I'd like it to be in but I can't see it happening. I can't see it fitting in.
Having an LCD display is just have very very limited amount of buttons. So hav hav having seven buttons, instead of twelve.
Actually we could in fact we move these three buttons. and have three possibilities for each of the three here. Here one, at the middle, and at the bottom.
I I think we should we should cut the LCD screen. That that's that's my opinion.
The speech recognition is out. Because of the budget, yeah.
Are we basically back to the original one now, back to the first version? Which turns out to be on budget exactly, pretty much. With these new costings.
And that that now twelve Euros is the is is the price,. My my supervisor will be glad that it's fifty cents cheaper than he expected.
W we can go back and talk to the suppliers maybe. and see if we can drive the prices down to add a few more things in. but that's all we can do with the restrictions we have at the moment.
That was it.